List projects (#880)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/list-projects.md

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

## Basic example

> This example will display the projects within the default space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example displays the projects within the default space:
```
